WEBOPS formal Over viwe of 

Zapp/Zapplet/Zapp PLant ::

Zapp is the application management system that enables users to remotely control and monitor applications. Zapp performs real-time monitoring of the plant and the applications. 

Leela (Frontend Desktop C# Application)provides a real-time view of many zapp plants at the same time, and allows the user to control, inspect and failover applications and hosts 

Zapplet: Client running on application server that controls applications 
A zapp plant is a collection of Applications, Schedules, Hosts, and proids that make up a given environment 

Load Balancer :: 

Load balancer (GTM and LTM)- F5 or A10 - Device which distributes the traffic across the number of servers/backends. 

Proxy Server ::

(Intranet and internet) -  Intermediate server or application on client side will be making requests to destination, by hiding actual client.

		Why we are using proxies?
 
			Protect users and networks from web threats, phishing and other attacks
			Accelerate application performance for files, email, Web, SSL, and rich media applications through 				caching Significantly reduce bandwidth with leading compression, byte caching and object caching 			technologies

Bigdog ::

	is for authenticating the external application users which uses Siteminder in backend this is a inhouse developed product

Apache ::

	mod_jk - An apache module that helps in integrating apache and tomcat through AJP protocol.

Tansen ::

	Service developed inhouse to monitor the application instances health

Flume :: 

	service developed inhouse to copy the logs over NFS share which app owners can view/check using CLI commands.

Stunnel ::

	To uses the OpenSSL libraries to provide a means of connecting to any TCP based service via a SSL encrypted connection.  

LightStreamer ::

	It's an vendor product (http://www.lightstreamer.com/) used for streaming data down to a client, using an adaptive connection. 

		How it works ?

			For Eg : if you see any share prices in matrix site, it will be keep changing, so in background 	they use lightstreamer for streaming the datas in our application.

Zookeeper ::

	is used for seeing current price of shares but we support infrastructure and its designed on farm plant and managed by zapp


Webfarm :: 

	web applications deployed/managed by web operations.

Webfarm+ ::

	upgraded version of webfarm, which comes with lot of self-service tools.

Ad2 (app deploy) or Nyx  ::

	Configuration management database, where we store the information about all the applications deployed in webfarm, their apache/tomcat versions, static/dynamic apps, their dependencies like java, cgi, etc.



	
	

